Fix CI logo URL validation logic (#38)
LiskHQ/app-registry: README.md

Example: *mainnet/Lisk/app.json*

*Important information*:
- All the specified URLs in *app.json* (i.e. `genesisURL`, `appNodes`, and `serviceURLs`, etc.) are validated in real-time. Hence, please ensure that they are valid and reachable at the time of submission.

> - Prior to metadata submission, ensure sidechains are registered on the mainchain.
> - For logos pointing to app-registry GitHub URL, use the main branch in the URL to ensure working functionality after PR merge. All logos submitted needs to have `64x64` resolution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prior to the metadata submission, please ensure that the Lisk applications are registered on the Lisk mainchain and vice-versa.
- For logos pointing to app-registry GitHub URL, use the main branch in the URL to ensure working functionality after PR merge. All logos submitted need to adhere to `64px x 64px` resolution.
```

Example: *mainnet/Lisk/nativetokens.json*

*Important information*:

> - Prior to metadata submission, ensure sidechains are registered on the mainchain.
> - For logos pointing to app-registry GitHub URL, use the main branch in the URL to ensure working functionality after PR merge. All logos submitted needs to have `64x64` resolution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prior to the metadata submission, please ensure that the Lisk applications are registered on the Lisk mainchain and vice-versa.
- For logos pointing to app-registry GitHub URL, use the main branch in the URL to ensure working functionality after PR merge. All logos submitted need to adhere to `64px x 64px` resolution.
```
